hey everyone everypony of your person up
there in youtube and welcome to wreck
this journal wednesday so today I'm
gonna do seven pages or show you the one
that have already done I apologize from
to me it last week I kind of just
skipped last week I don't know why I
kind of just totally forgot about the
journal I know it's bad it really is so
today I'm just I'm kind of just randomly
picking pages here now by the end of the
book cuz I'm getting picky and yeah so
this first page here it says to infuse
this page with a smell of your choosing
and I'm gonna spray this dove go fresh
like body mist that I have I love well
my hair's a little messy stay wow I
really love the smell of the stuff it's
plum and Sakura blossom scent so I'm
just going to go ahead and it's not
really much left to it but go ahead and
I hope you could really see that oh yeah
you can see know what ok so i infused my
page and see some dots on there so who I
sprayed a lot but now I focus is not
really really pretty so the next page is
something I get to do is hand well and
let me see i'm gonna choose a really
pretty color do pick today my but this
one is close your eyes connect the dots
from memory so this is the page here and
i'm gonna go ahead and remember how they
go and then yeah does it connect all
them together and one or I'll do each
page um okay I'm always my cap because
my cap doesn't stay on so let's let's
attempt this I'm gonna go like this I'm
gonna all right can you see okay close
my eyes and then
let's close enough close enough so
that's my connecting dots from memory I
kind of do do the same thing okay let's
try this again let's do a different
color this time let's do this really
pretty teal color so we're do it again
this time to come like this you'll
assume that out my eyes will be closed
so I see if I can do it where I connect
all of them with one colors it is two
pages so okay hey wow I totally missed
that top dot like every time that's me
attempting to connect to that okay so
that was really bad I'm I'm horrible it
like memory stuff so alright so the next
page we're gonna do is to collect your
pocket lint now apparently I don't
really have much Pocket lint I have that
that is my pocket lint let me let me see
well i got my pocket right now but do I
have any I don't have any pocket lint I
don't have anything so all i got was
just two little things that came from my
sweatshirt I don't think I have any more
in this sweatshirt I got nothing ok so
the next page I did was to trace your
hands and I traced my hands like this
and I made them into a heart in it looks
that goes making a heart over grass yeah
these are little flowers an apt I really
think it is so yeah that was interesting
to do so the next page we're gonna do
I'm gonna keep slipping through my book
cuz some of these are gonna feel like
doing right now this one is to fill this
page in when you're really angry I I
scribbled red pencil and then i scribble
with head and I like jammed my pen to
the page so it kind of blood through
like all my other pages and I just wrote
angry no no it was angry about but there
you have it and then I drew a picture of
me being angry see it's got my glasses
let her or I can't do that kind of face
so mmm so the next page I did was to
create a non-stop line now beware for
you who can't really look at lines being
really close and stuff and yeah so this
is my non stop line it starts over here
and it wiggles and wiggles and this took
forever by the way and then by the end
that I got our finish into a non-stop
line so this is my non stop this like
really took a very very very long time
yeah so the last page that I'm going to
do this week in my reckless journal was
to draw lines with your pen or pencil
lick your fingers and smear the lines
now I do this one already because i do
have pink on my finger and I really can
see it but I licked and I smudged so
I'll do another one just to show you and
what color did I want to use let's use
red okay some I do feel like this so you
can see it going to draw heey like that
no no I guess ah bench much make schmid
schmid schmid schmid schmid schmid there
you go and then I got right on my finger
now yum yum mmm they have it that is my
seven pages for this wait for this wreck
this journal did i do 7i I don't know so
I'm gonna count one two and three four
five six seven yes so to do seven pages
of my wreck this journal so for some of
you who do not know what a wreck this
journal is before i explain excited my
red marker with no cap on so for some of
you who don't know the wreck this
journal is it's called wreck this
journal it is a journal where you go
ahead and do what it tells you to do and
every single page so make sure you take
a look at my videos before this one so
you can see what I do to my pages and I
am attempting to do this every wednesday
and may skip a Wednesday because
sometimes I just I forget and there's
days and I'm
very forgetful I admit and then are some
pages I haven't done yet because they're
really hard to do in camera and I might
just do them later and then my last
video will be like a overview of would
have completely done to the journal and
anything that I added afterwards just
showing you how I did this to the
journal so yeah if you're looking to
purchase one of these journals i bought
it at barnes a noble for fifteen dollars
fifteen dollars does seem like a lot of
price for a general order to destroy but
it's very fun very very very very fun so
yeah I want to thank you all for
watching please comment rate and
subscribe and remember that i love you
guys bye everyone